I have experienced a lot of anti-Semitism and violence by being nearby Trump, his family and inner circle. My unique perspective on all this is something that I think is valuable to share with Chicago as the important 2024 Preidential election nears this year. Project 2025 is very scary to me. I am throwing my hat in the ring for this Sun Times opportunity because I have to try. E. Jean Carroll smiled at me on the CTA Red Line yesterday. People will eventually hear my story through reporting of civil suits. This takes time and will go under the radar before November 7, 2024 and probably January 6, 2025.

I lost my parents in Florida in 2022. Neither my late mom or dad were able to be with me in person when I finally completed my Ph.D. in mathematics later that year, though they did everything they could to support me getting to that goal. That year I was kidnapped out of the country by one of Trump's sons who had raped me before he married my cousin nearly a decade prior. These men are neo-nazis who have an antiquated view that any education after high school is "showing off". They have the absurd belief that after becoming a non-medical doctor, I should service them sexually. They left me in a homeless/DV shelter escaping with help from the Obama's from Florida on a military aircraft into UNICEF at Tel Aviv. I have had to battle Trump's close inner circle for years and fight just to live my day-to-day life. to anyone from any background with Trump's warped popularization of the notion of "celebrity". I played a big role in him getting indicted in 2023. People need to hear how vicious and genuinely awful these powerful men really are before we risk letting Trump take power of this country again - a point we need to see as of no return for many. My experience is relevant and important to share because this could have happened.

Both of the Obama's podcasts released over the COVID pandemic coincided with violent events they watched happen to me in Atlanta. Please check out the contents of the following links when you consider my submission:
(1) https://github.com/maxieds/ChameleonMiniLiveDebugger/issues/26#issuecomment-1722385007
(2) https://www.youtube.com/@maxieschmidt/community
(3) https://github.com/maxieds/public-file-stashes (dig deeply)