It's a pretty flexible recipe, but here's the basic version:

1 (1 pound) box spaghetti (preferably thin), or other noodles of choice
2-3 tablespoons vegetable oil (mild oil, e.g. soybean or canola)
2 teaspoons minced fresh ginger or ginger paste (ginger paste is sold in
the produce section and is easier to work with)
4-5 cloves garlic, pressed or minced (or use 4-5 teaspoons purchased
minced garlic)
1 bag coleslaw mix
1 package baked tofu, cubed OR 1 bag frozen shelled edamame OR other
cooked protein of choice
4-5 green onions, thinly sliced

Sauce:
1/4 cup peanut butter
1/4 cup soy sauce
2-3 tablespoons Sriracha
1 teaspoon roasted sesame oil
3 tablespoons water

Instructions:

1. Cook and drain spaghetti per package instructions.

2. Mix all sauce ingredients in a small bowl. Whisk together well.

3. In a large skillet, heat vegetable oil over medium heat. Add garlic
and ginger and cook for about a minute, until fragrant. Add frozen
edamame (if using) and cook until thawed and heated through.

4. Add coleslaw mix to skillet. Cook 3 to 4 minutes over medium heat.
You want the coleslaw mix cooked but not overcooked to the point of
being soggy or limp. Add salt to taste.

5. Add cooked spaghetti and prepared sauce. Stir thoroughly to combine
and distribute sauce throughout the noodles and cabbage. Add cubed tofu
or other protein (if using) and again stir to combine. Cook an
additional 2 to 3 minutes, until everything is heated through.

6. Sprinkle sliced green onions on top of skillet. Cover and steam for
approximately 1 minute.

7. Taste and add more salt if needed. Remove from heat and serve.

Like I said, the recipe is quite flexible. The easiest version is to use
the coleslaw mix and the frozen edamame. But you can substitute just
about any vegetable and just about any protein. You might have had some
that I prepared with a head of fresh cabbage that I chopped up instead
of the coleslaw mix. I prefer the version made with fresh cabbage, but
it is more work than using the coleslaw mix.

Enjoy!